Add header injection in PHP with .htaccess (#451)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/applications/php/_index.md

##### Header injection

###### With .htaccess

> You can use a `.htaccess` file to create or update headers, but you can't delete them.
> 
> If you need to inject headers on HTTP responses (for instance for [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Access_control_CORS)),
> you can do it like this :
> 
> ```sh
> Header set Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
> ```

Reviewer: Maybe better to use a callout here: 

```suggestion
To inject headers on HTTP responses, add this configuration to `.htaccess` file:

```sh
Header set Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
```

{{< callout type="info" >}}
You can use a `.htaccess` file to create or update headers, but you not delete them.
{{< /callout >}}
```

###### With PHP

> You can also do it from PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also do it from PHP:
```

##### Header injection

###### With .htaccess

To inject headers on HTTP responses, add this configuration to `.htaccess` file:

```sh
Header set Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
```

{{< callout type="info" >}}

> You can use a .htaccess file to create or update headers, but you can't delete them.

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this during my edit: 
```suggestion
You can use a `.htaccess` file to create or update headers, but you can't delete them.
```
